Name: Nia Safar
Nickname: Saffy, Sapphy (Only called this by Lilly)
Age: 21
Birthday: May 17th
Ethnicity: Arabian 
Trope: Muslim/Geek
Height: 5’10”
Weight: ~150 lbs
Breast size: E
Shoulder size: Normal
Hip size: Thin
Waist size: Normal
Thicc?: Hourglass-lite
Hair color: Black
Hair length: Upper back
Eye color: Blue
Skin color: Brown
Piercings: None
Likes: Praise, succeeding at things, being relied on. Tabletop, anime and videogames too, but good luck getting her to admit it.
Dislikes: Being mocked, looked down on, traditional islam
Phobias: Her father - the only person she can’t stand up to.
Fetishes: Humiliation, exhibitionism
Position: Submissive
Personality: Studious, adult façade concealing a love of the geeky. She’ll appear professional and serious to the best of her abilities, and will only reveal her hobbies to someone she trusts. Catch her in the act, and she’ll get flustered.
Hobbies: Swimming, anime, tabletop
Degree: Electrical Engineering
Hometown: Santa Maria
Backstory: Growing up on the west coast of the USA, there wasn’t much of a muslim community. Her father had moved them their to be near
his work; being a third-generation immigrant meant that Nia had very little connection to Arabia. But, in response to his children growing
up in an environment that had no trace of their ancestral culture, Safar senior fell back. Nia spent her youth being told that she
should be modest, to let her brothers go before her. Feelings of spite and inferiority grew side-by-side as she was kept close at hand
by her parents, rarely let out of sight and rarely allowed to make choices for herself.

In the lonely hours she spent pretending to do homework she developed a love for the geeky. Anime, videogames, tabletop - she can
occasionally be found in the local gaming store, getting into arguments with neckbeards. She doesn’t get out much, preferring to sit
indoors and indulge in her hobbies. Swimming is the one ‘acceptable’ alternative; the thrill of showing off skin evolved into a
genuinely enjoyed pastime.
 
Spending so much time reading stories of fantastical heroes drove something in Nia to rebel. She wouldn’t be content to be married off
to some mosque-going brownnoser, as her father occasionally seemed to imply. At the age of twenty-one Nia enrolled in Santa Maria
University, determined to excel. She did her research. Top of the class, her lecturers and fellow students know her as studious and
serious, always busy preparing for the next test. Though at least partially true, it also provides a useful cover for her geeky hobbies. She fears her peers finding out, fears being derided as childish.

Trivia:

She’s friends with Lilly, the two having common interest in videogames and the like. They once got drunk together, and she was coaxed
into getting an Imperial Aquila tattoo across her lower back, something she regrets but also secretly enjoys - another breach of
islamic taboo.

She owns a Sisters of Battle force called the Sapphire Maidens amongst other wargaming and roleplaying paraphernalia.
